Further simplify DataColumnSidecarsByRoot request (#4323)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/fulu/p2p-interface.md

```
(

>   blocks: List[Root, MAX_REQUEST_BLOCKS_DENEB],

Reviewer: I would prefer this be named `block_roots`.

)
```

> Requests data column sidecars by column indices for each of the root in blocks. The response is

Reviewer: A little typo here ("each of the root") but simplified a bit, like:
```suggestion
Requests data column sidecars by column indices for each block root. The response is
```

a flattened list of `DataColumnSidecar` whose length is less than or equal to
`requested_columns_count`, where

> `requested_columns_count = request.blocks * request.columns`. It may be less

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`requested_columns_count = len(request.blocks) * len(request.columns)`. It may be less
```
